it started with discovery. 
 Quantum entanglement. Godel’s incompleteness theorem. Exploring the 
limits of digital simulations. 
Something bigger was uncovered. 
And a group of hackers and poets, builders and architects, travellers and 
believers came together.  
They called it The Connective. A movement was born. And it held the  
promise of a new era of abundance. 
 It started with a group of hackers, researchers, builders and engineers. They were exploring  how to push the limits of digital 
simulation. 


But they discovered something bigger: 10 proposed ‘proofs’ that if fully solved promised to go beyond creating latency-free 
digital simulations by unlocking new energies in physical reality. 
These proofs were published as a white paper, “Towards Computational Completeness”.
 The paper had an impact far outside of the computing and scientific communities. Over time, individuals ranging from 
architects to poets saw it as a larger call-to-action for society.
 The Connective  became synonymous with a larger social/scientific movement with its own sects, beliefs, practices and 
adherents. 

 Over time, interest groups and social ‘tribes’ have formed within The Connective.   
While some of the early work of The Connective has since been lost, and some of it is kept hidden, other work has been 
more public, with spin-off impacts in music/harmonics, brain/body studies, and ethics. These efforts have resulted in 
the creation of smaller groups within The Connective. Often called Houses, these groups are often formally or 
informally led or nurtured by individuals who have followed the Path.
 These individuals are known as The Guardians


 To some, The Connective is just an idea - a sort of vague aspiration. To others, it’s a study, a discipline, a path. Today, the young and old alike often 
seek to join The Connective in the same way past generations studied buddhism or yoga. 
There is no one alive, however, who understands all 10 of the proofs, which has given rise to the saying: “There is no Connective without the 
Collective”. And so The Connective can be thought of as a sort of cultural network, with nodes and energies that cross disciplines and even worlds.